add doc on how to install Semgrep App for GHE (#1405)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: docs/deployment/connect-scm.md

For users of GitLab cloud-hosted plans, a connection to GitLab is created automatically after [adding a Semgrep job to GitLab CI/CD](/deployment/add-semgrep-to-ci/). No other steps are needed.

## Connect to on-premise orgs

### GitHub Enterprise Server

> This section is applicable to users with **GitHub Enterprise Server**. We

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section is applicable to users with **GitHub Enterprise Server**. The Semgrep team
```
https://developers.google.com/style/person#use-first-person-plural-pronouns-carefully
Let's

recommend connecting to your GitHub orgs using the Semgrep App instead of using
a personal access token (PAT) whenever possible.

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

<Tabs
    defaultValue="app"
    values={[
    {label: 'Semgrep App (Recommended)', value: 'app'},
    {label: 'PAT', value: 'pat'},
    ]}
>

<TabItem value='app'>

> The Semgrep App for GitHub Enterprise (GHE) creates a connection between Semgrep

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Semgrep App for GitHub Enterprise (GHE)** creates a connection between Semgrep
```

and orgs in your GHE deployment. There are two primary installation
steps:

1. Install the Semgrep App for the first time using the GHE organization (org)
   that "owns" the app.
2. Install the app for additional GHE orgs.

> <!-->Using HTML headers instead of MD headers because I don't want them in the right-side nav<-->

Reviewer: the docusaurus frontmatter option for header levels is what controls what appears in the nav:
https://docusaurus.io/docs/next/markdown-features/toc#table-of-contents-heading-level

For example:
```
# Display h2 to h5 headings
toc_min_heading_level: 2
toc_max_heading_level: 5
```

> <h4>Install the Semgrep App for the first time using the organization that "owns" the app</h4>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<h4>Initial Semgrep App installation</h4>
```

> When you install the Semgrep App for GHE for the first time in your GHE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your deployment contains many orgs, you must choose an org in the deployment that will act as the **owner** of the Semgrep app.  
```

Some feedback: The hard break lines makes it difficult to suggest changes that span multiple sentences or are one paragraph long.

Reviewer: Also, I rarely suggest "will" (it's discouraged especially in procedures) but in this case I think it was justified.

instance, you must choose the organization within your deployment to act as the

> owner of the app. As the owner, this GHE org controls the settings and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
owner of the app. As the owner, this org controls the settings and
```
We're choosing a Semgrep org, not a GHE org.

permissions granted to the app.

1. Log in to [Semgrep Cloud Platform](https://semgrep.dev/login/).
2. Go to **Settings** > **Source Code Managers**, and click **Add GitHub
   Enterprise**.
   ![Semgrep Cloud Platform's Source code managers page](/img/ghe-1.png#md-width)
3. In the popup window, provide:
   - The **Name of your GitHub Organization**
   - The **URL** to access your deployment

>    - A random string in the **Access token** field; this field will be optional in the future

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - A random string in the **Access token** field such as `asdf`;  this field will be optional in the future
```
This has to be the weirdest instruction I've ever seen. It might throw users off so I provided a random value.

>     Click **Connect** to save your changes.

Reviewer: This needs a number, it renders like this:
![image](https://github.com/semgrep/semgrep-docs/assets/20766840/12cc4c3b-168c-47f4-bb6e-6a239563c79b)

   ![Connect your GitHub Organization popup window](/img/ghe-2.png#md-width)
4. Refresh your browser. You should see a new entry under **Source code
   managers** that displays the GHE org and instance URL you entered. Click
   **Create App**.
   ![Semgrep Cloud Platform's Source code managers page with new GHE instance](/img/ghe-3.png#md-width)
5. In the popup window:
   1. Ensure that:
      - You've selected **Organization**
      - The **GitHub Organization name** is populated (if not, enter the name of
        your org)
      - You've selected the **Use for multiple GitHub orgs (Enterprise-public
        app)** checkbox
   2. Review the permissions for the app; as the app owner, note that you can

>    change these permissions later. Click **Create GitHub App** to proceed.

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/semgrep/semgrep-docs/assets/20766840/7d2ffd8a-e967-4608-9db8-22fd7764473d)

Dupe of instructions?

   3. Click **Create GitHub App** to proceed.
      If this step is successful, the blue **Create GitHub App** button turns into a gray **Created** button.

> 6. Click **Install** under **Step 4**. You'll be taken to your GHE instance and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Click **Install** under **Step 4**. You are taken to your GHE instance and
```

   Semgrep.
9. Verify the installation by navigating to **Settings** > **Source Code
   Managers**. Ensure that the entry for your SCM shows a gray **Installed**
   button.
   ![Semgrep Cloud Platform's Source code managers list showing GHE instance](/img/ghe-8.png#md-width)
10. In GHE, you should see the app listed as installed on the **GitHub Apps**
   page.
   ![GHE showing installed Semgrep App](/img/ghe-9.png#md-width)
   You can click **Configure** to choose the repositories to which the app
   has access. Additionally, you can go to **App settings** to customize the
   permissions granted to the app.
   ![GitHub Apps page showing App settings link](/img/ghe-10.png#md-width)

At this point, you've successfully installed the GHE Semgrep App on the owner GHE org. In the future, other members of your GHE instance can install the app on their GHE orgs using the public link if they have the proper permissions. You can get the public link from GHE by going to **GitHub Apps** > **App settings**.

![App installation page](/img/ghe-11.png#md-width)

<!-->Using HTML headers instead of MD headers because I don't want them in the right-side nav<-->

> <h4>Install the app for subsequent GHE org</h4>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<h4>Install the app for subsequent GHE orgs</h4>
```
